for all the beautiful people that are
accompanying for you not to be for
you but to sound of the famous ones of
Congratulations neighborhood on its anniversary
ladies and gentlemen of the subject I
we want to dedicate banachowski to
greet all the boxers the cordial
greeting for the whole band
let's dance tasty neighborhood
that does not make you leaks over me simmons to
pallets I do not see
let's see let's go
if we come practicing
Montana
life
today the sun says the dinosaurs
they are going to be history
history a latin sound is always
in the victory
ariel hernandez
if just new york is greetings towards
Los Angeles California in the nation
for elena is famous lady
that little step
that mix for the dawn
that guy and james here you hear it chucha
and if we take
that dog
backpacks
scorpion
torras
that verb squirrel
remember the unique and original the number
one of the Latin international sound very
good and minimal stereo sound from
margarito watches everything I send pressure from
today
thanks mom taking the role of the
accordions
and there is always a dead end
at that rhythm of Mexican music
people and all the bands
what's wrong with the woman
in the backpack
months with a squad of my paper to
make 2008 outline at all times
woman the blessing is always
recognizes the great woman
and neighborhood celebrities to glory
That king of kings we go to spain montana
is that my juniors cell is the target
of the neighborhood in disneylandia alan guerrero
and twist sound
and famous as the neighborhood 6
sounds
and 6
the only kids brooklyn neighborhood avenue and
the little boy
i
if you come in the church
They look like pink hooks backpack
monkey squirrel is organism that yes
makes the flavors
now death had already been announced
reality the filthy until the record
eternity will be remembering my granite
Junior towards the innocent saints rocks
madrigal established prizes weights
charly the filthy and buy before
to save yourself